
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="creating_a_process">Creating a Process</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Enter a name, description and select a Category for the new process and click on Create.
</p>

<p>
Where:
</p>

<p>
Title: Title of the process.
Description: brief description of what is the process about.
Category: choose a category to which the process will belong.
When the process has been created, it will redirect automatically to the Process Map to start creating it.
</p>

<p>
Note: It is possible to have several processes all together in a map. To run each one of them don&#039;t forget to assign a user to the initial task.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Creating a Process" [1-540] -->
<h1 class="sectionedit2" id="editing_a_process">Editing a Process</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
This option allows users to modify process information. Right-click on the Process Map and then click on Edit Process, the following window will display:
</p>

<p>
<strong>Title
</strong>
Fill this with the name of the process. This field accepts characters which consists of letters, numbers, &#039;_&#039; (underscores), and (-) hyphens. Try not to enter characters like &#039;$&#039;, &#039;#&#039;, &#039;&amp;&#039;, etc. because the process may not be exported then.
<strong>
Description</strong>
</p>

<p>
Fill this with a brief description of what is the process about.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Calendar</strong>
</p>

<p>
Select a Calendar from the list, which indicates the hours and days when users are expected to be at work. You can create your own calendar depending on the work hours.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Process Category</strong>
</p>

<p>
Select one Category from the list which will identify the process. You can create your own category.
</p>

<p>
Dynaform to show a Case Summary
</p>

<p>
From the list, choose the Dynaform which information will appear on the Case Summary.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Editing a Process" [541-] -->